---
layout: post
title: Koa 2 - 基础介绍
tags: 原创 技术 翻译 Koa
---

[原文](https://github.com/koajs/koa/blob/v2.x/docs/api/index.md)

## 安装（Installation）

Koa requires __node v4.0.0__ or higher for (partial) ES2015 support.

Koa要求**node v4.0.0**或以上版本，以满足对ES2015规范的部分要求。

You can quickly install a supposed version of node with your favorite version manager:

可以使用自己偏爱的版本管理器快速安装指定的Node版本： 

```bash
$ nvm install v4.0.0
$ npm i koa
$ node my-koa-app.js
```

### 基于Babel的异步方法（Async Functions with Babel）

To use `async` functions in Koa, we recommend using [babel's require hook](http://babeljs.io/docs/usage/require/).

建议通过[babel的require钩子](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/babel-register/)以在Koa中启用`async`形式的异步方法。

```js
require('babel-core/register');
// require the rest of the app that needs to be transpiled after the hook
// 引用应用中需要转换的其他模块必须放置在这个钩子之后
const app = require('./app');
```

To parse and transpile async functions,
you should at a minimum have the [transform-async-to-generator](http://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/transform-async-to-generator/)
or [transform-async-to-module-method](http://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/transform-async-to-module-method/) plugins.
For example, in your `.babelrc` file, you should have:

为了正确解析和转换异步方法，至少要引用[transform-async-to-generator](http://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/transform-async-to-generator/)或者[transform-async-to-module-method](http://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/transform-async-to-module-method/)插件。比如，在`.babelrc`文件中应该包含：

```json
{
  "plugins": ["transform-async-to-generator"]
}
```

You can also use the [stage-3 preset](http://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/preset-stage-3/) instead.

也可以用[stage-3预置集合](http://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/preset-stage-3/)替代上述插件的引用。

（编者按：在Node.js 7.0中启用--harmony-async-await标记即可可代替Babel）。

## 应用（Application）

  A Koa application is an object containing an array of middleware functions
  which are composed and executed in a stack-like manner upon request. Koa is similar to many
  other middleware systems that you may have encountered such as Ruby's Rack, Connect, and so on -
  however a key design decision was made to provide high level "sugar" at the otherwise low-level
  middleware layer. This improves interoperability, robustness, and makes writing middleware much
  more enjoyable.

Koa应用是一个包含一组中间件函数的对象，其组织和执行的形式类似于堆栈，以对请求进行处理。
Koa和常见的中间件系统相似，比如Ruby的Rack框架、Connect等等，特色设计是在底层中间件中提供了高级的“糖”。这使得互操作性更强，鲁棒性更高，同时让中间件的编写更简洁轻松。

  This includes methods for common tasks like content-negotiation, cache freshness, proxy support, and redirection
  among others. Despite supplying a reasonably large number of helpful methods Koa maintains a small footprint, as
  no middleware are bundled.

其中包含了如内容协商、缓存新鲜度、代理支持和重定向等常规任务的处理方法。尽管Koa提供了很多有用的方法，但框架中不绑定任何插件，以维持一个小巧的状态。

  The obligatory hello world application:

经典的的`Hello World`程序如下：

```js
const Koa = require('koa');
const app = new Koa();

app.use(ctx => {
  ctx.body = 'Hello World';
});

app.listen(3000);
```

### Cascading

  Koa middleware cascade in a more traditional way as you may be used to with similar tools -
  this was previously difficult to make user friendly with node's use of callbacks.
  However with async functions we can achieve "true" middleware. Contrasting Connect's implementation which
  simply passes control through series of functions until one returns, Koa invoke "downstream", then
  control flows back "upstream".

  The following example responds with "Hello World", however first the request flows through
  the `x-response-time` and `logging` middleware to mark when the request started, then continue
  to yield control through the response middleware. When a middleware invokes `next()`
  the function suspends and passes control to the next middleware defined. After there are no more
  middleware to execute downstream, the stack will unwind and each middleware is resumed to perform
  its upstream behaviour.

```js
const Koa = require('koa');
const app = new Koa();

// x-response-time

app.use(async function (ctx, next) {
  const start = new Date();
  await next();
  const ms = new Date() - start;
  ctx.set('X-Response-Time', `${ms}ms`);
});

// logger

app.use(async function (ctx, next) {
  const start = new Date();
  await next();
  const ms = new Date() - start;
  console.log(`${ctx.method} ${ctx.url} - ${ms}`);
});

// response

app.use(ctx => {
  ctx.body = 'Hello World';
});

app.listen(3000);
```

### Settings

  Application settings are properties on the `app` instance, currently
  the following are supported:

  - `app.name` optionally give your application a name
  - `app.env` defaulting to the __NODE_ENV__ or "development"
  - `app.proxy` when true proxy header fields will be trusted
  - `app.subdomainOffset` offset of `.subdomains` to ignore [2]

### app.listen(...)

  A Koa application is not a 1-to-1 representation of a HTTP server.
  One or more Koa applications may be mounted together to form larger
  applications with a single HTTP server.

  Create and return an HTTP server, passing the given arguments to
  `Server#listen()`. These arguments are documented on [nodejs.org](http://nodejs.org/api/http.html#http_server_listen_port_hostname_backlog_callback). The following is a useless Koa application bound to port `3000`:

```js
const Koa = require('koa');
const app = new Koa();
app.listen(3000);
```

  The `app.listen(...)` method is simply sugar for the following:

```js
const http = require('http');
const Koa = require('koa');
const app = new Koa();
http.createServer(app.callback()).listen(3000);
```

  This means you can spin up the same application as both HTTP and HTTPS
  or on multiple addresses:

```js
const http = require('http');
const Koa = require('koa');
const app = new Koa();
http.createServer(app.callback()).listen(3000);
http.createServer(app.callback()).listen(3001);
```

### app.callback()

  Return a callback function suitable for the `http.createServer()`
  method to handle a request.
  You may also use this callback function to mount your koa app in a
  Connect/Express app.

### app.use(function)

  Add the given middleware function to this application. See [Middleware](https://github.com/koajs/koa/wiki#middleware) for
  more information.

### app.keys=

 Set signed cookie keys.

 These are passed to [KeyGrip](https://github.com/jed/keygrip),
 however you may also pass your own `KeyGrip` instance. For
 example the following are acceptable:

```js
app.keys = ['im a newer secret', 'i like turtle'];
app.keys = new KeyGrip(['im a newer secret', 'i like turtle'], 'sha256');
```

  These keys may be rotated and are used when signing cookies
  with the `{ signed: true }` option:

```js
ctx.cookies.set('name', 'tobi', { signed: true });
```

### app.context

  `app.context` is the prototype from which `ctx` is created from. 
  You may add additional properties to `ctx` by editing `app.context`.
  This is useful for adding properties or methods to `ctx` to be used across your entire app,
  which may be more performant (no middleware) and/or easier (fewer `require()`s)
  at the expense of relying more on `ctx`, which could be considered an anti-pattern.

  For example, to add a reference to your database from `ctx`:

```js
app.context.db = db();

app.use(async (ctx) => {
  console.log(ctx.db);
});
```

Note:

- Many properties on `ctx` are defined using getters, setters, and `Object.defineProperty()`. You can only edit these properties (not recommended) by using `Object.defineProperty()` on `app.context`. See https://github.com/koajs/koa/issues/652.
- Mounted apps currently use its parent's `ctx` and settings. Thus, mounted apps are really just groups of middleware.

### Error Handling

  By default outputs all errors to stderr unless `app.silent` is `true`.
  The default error handler also won't outputs errors when `err.status` is `404` or `err.expose` is `true`.
  To perform custom error-handling logic such as centralized logging you can add an "error" event listener:

```js
app.on('error', err =>
  log.error('server error', err)
);
```

  If an error is in the req/res cycle and it is _not_ possible to respond to the client, the `Context` instance is also passed:

```js
app.on('error', (err, ctx) =>
  log.error('server error', err, ctx)
);
```

  When an error occurs _and_ it is still possible to respond to the client, aka no data has been written to the socket, Koa will respond
  appropriately with a 500 "Internal Server Error". In either case
  an app-level "error" is emitted for logging purposes.
